my name is lingerie Akane I'm a wedding
photographer western mean but I she was
all over to England and I'm
photojournalist I used to work for the
newspapers and I wanted to live back in
this area so that's where I came from
and where I grew up and I sort of
stumbled in the wedding photography it
was an incredible transition for my
photo journalism because you know it's
all the wedding is a big event it's a
big happening so I show up to the
wedding and my natural instincts and
inclination it's just sort of hide off
the background or get my pictures I'm
you know taking some shots I try to tell
as much of the story in every image as
possible always looking for lots of
information genuine moments facial
expressions interactions between you and
your family and I'm really an
unobtrusive except when I'm right in
your race so my whole point is always to
try to get the entire story in a single
image my dream would be to go work a
wedding and hand over one picture but I
won't do that prepare for wedding you'll
get plenty of shots but I like to get
all the information I can lots of detail
pictures establishing shot I want all of
it I love the getting ready shots it is
like this most chaotic part of the day
everybody is seeing each other for the
first time and I love that part the
ceremony of course is the major part of
the wedding well the reception is when
everything breaks loose and that is the
reception is is the most fun you're out
there you know I'm taking pictures of
people on the dance floor and sometimes
I'm dancing I got the camera up here I
got the camera over here i'm just like
shooting like crazy and and i love that
part before most have a challenge at
their own or try
mix it up get people staying in fitting
leading and you know do relationship
posing so I always put the you know
people next to who makes sense them and
their family so you have this you know
people that are married or standing next
to each other their children are right
next to them so when you look at the
photo you know 20 30 40 years from now
it just makes sense great over here the
best time is is of course taking the
couple off by themselves and doing
photos of them in the natural
environment that they chose so you
decide to get married today the couple
is getting married at the bethel in so
i'm going to do things that incorporate
the bethel in incorporate vessel new
england all that stuff and when it
happens to be raining today she wants an
outdoor wedding who cares about three
more than you know it's important for me
that my couples understand that a
wedding is happening on a day and
whatever happens on that day that's your
wedding so that's what you get you know
and maybe everybody wants a beautiful
sunny day but a rainy day is a really
amazing opportunity and so we're going
to capture that in photos we're not
going to try to pretend it's not raining
on your wedding day because when you
look back at it you look at your photos
and you tell stories if you don't have
any pictures of it raining in there then
your wedding album is you know it's not
that tool for you to help relive your
wedding day and that's that to me is
what my whole job is my job is to
provide you with an album and with
photographs that are a tool to remember
to remember your day and two
in to help tell stories so when you're
talking to your kids and your grandkids
or your nephew parents you can look at
these photos for the rest of your life
and remember how this day happen
actually happens and that's my thing and
that's why I don't run around and and
pose things up and I'm going to tell the
story as it's actually happening not as
I see this is a generic wedding and I'm
just going to plug your face into it
because that's bogus
you